A private chat application with camera feature that allows to edit photos. 
This idea came soon after "Messenger" had to comply with EU regulations on data collection.
Photo editing even simple ones like cropping were removed since pictures and chat history data was stored on Facebook servers and sold to advertisers.
"Private" part came after we were joking in our group chat about everybody.
chipping in for a waterpark slide and 2 days later getting an actual advertisement for a waterpark slide from Whish.com for 700000 USD.
Idea is that if the data is stored on individual devices, meaning that not even chat members can access the data of a user that is offline.
This should in theory comply with EU regulation on data collection.

This application must have a log in function. (done)
Must have camera feature in the chat.(Not done)
Pictures must editable before sending them.

Application should allow group chats.(Not done)
Should allow to set nicknames.(done)
Data (chats, pictures) should be stored on individual device.(Not done- too complex)
Should have notifications.(Not done)

Application could have color filter options for camera.(Not done)
Could work in offline mode.(Not done)
Could have advertisement bars for sustainability.(Not done)
Could have video option on camera side.(Not done)

Will not have cloud storage.(Not done-too complex)
Will not have chat history of an offline user.(Not done-too complex)
Will not have face filter (ex. snapchat dog filter)(Not done-too complex)


A user can sign up.(done)
A user can log in.(done)
A user can delete the account.( Not done)
A user can send/edit pictures.(Not done- too complex)

A user should be able to change nickname.
A user should be able to change password.
A user should be able to remain logged in.(done)
A user should be able to change chat instance name.

A user could install a desktop version.( Not done)
A user could set other nicknames.( Not done)
A user could make calls/ video calls.( Not done)
A user could have to pay for features (remove advertisements)( Not done)

A user will not receive messages from unknown to them users (will have to accept a request)( Not done)
A user will not see messages or photos sent by users that are offline.( Not done)


Application did not work, proved to be too challenging

 
